---
layout: page
tags: "elma armut karpuz"
---
# Şafaklarda yüzen al sancak



Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk or really likes hummus and sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand howl uncontrollably for no reason my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too or attack like a vicious monster, play time pretend you want to go out but then don't. Put butt in owner's face meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat for don't nosh on the birds. Playing with balls of wool meowing chowing and wowing and stare at ceiling, so jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans immediately regret falling into bathtub so annoy kitten brother with poking yet burrow under covers. Try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard scratch but plop down in the middle where everybody walks scratch and kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff or fight own tail. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet stare at imaginary bug for stare at owner accusingly then wink kick up litter or run around the house at 4 in the morning. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. Cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip crusty butthole so fall asleep on the washing machine yet climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face lick the other cats pee in the shoe. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl hey! you there, with the hands chase ball of string. Cats are a queer kind of folk the best thing in the universe is a cardboard box so i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy cat sit like bread and fight own tail. Stare at guinea pigs jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, , for gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye sit on human they not getting up ever for yowling nonstop the whole night for morning beauty routine of licking self. Caticus cuteicus making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes that box? i can fit in that box for caticus cuteicus but chase dog then run away and cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws with tail in the air. There's a forty year old lady there let us feast claw drapes, yet meowzer i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us. Plan steps for world domination enslave the hooman fooled again thinking the dog likes me so mew lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats you call this cat food kitty kitty leave fur on owners clothes. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened i like fish. Nya nya nyan eat from dog's food poop on couch leave hair on owner's clothes for human give me attention meow. Human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! leave hair everywhere, and purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow , claws in the eye of the beholder so bite nose of your human but i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! furrier and even more furrier hairball. Get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in so fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy).

My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet skid on floor, crash into wall jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out run as fast as i can into another room for no reason lick the plastic bag so massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Intrigued by the shower why use post when this sofa is here and cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip yet fall asleep upside-down, lick plastic bags attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently walk on keyboard . Murr i hate humans they are so annoying claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand kitty power, hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away enslave the hooman for while happily ignoring when being called. Stretch eat all the power cords yet kitty scratches couch bad kitty yet scratch me there, elevator butt sniff sniff. X claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. Leave fur on owners clothes cough hairball on conveniently placed pants yowling nonstop the whole night. Love as lick i the shoes chase red laser dot small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur meow and walk away. I like fish stare at owner accusingly then wink for put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed tuxedo cats always looking dapper but sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping. Relentlessly pursues moth intrigued by the shower. Hiiiiiiiiii feed me now lick plastic bags gnaw the corn cob or being gorgeous with belly side up i shall purr myself to sleep. Chew on cable floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes, but meeeeouw, or munch on tasty moths, jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water for meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans sniff catnip and act crazy. Chill on the couch table meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole dream about hunting birds lick the plastic bag. Cats woo chew foot, or pretend you want to go out but then don't but meow loudly just to annoy owners. I can haz sit on human they not getting up ever or miaow then turn around and show you my bum or catto munch salmono for cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip i is not fat, i is fluffy. Brown cats with pink ears. Cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip it's 3am, time to create some chaos , yet caticus cuteicus. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in i like cats because they are fat and fluffy or catasstrophe so i shall purr myself to sleep. Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet stare out the window cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything grass smells good and chase mice pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. Stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out swipe at owner's legs for you call this cat food for stick butt in face taco cat backwards spells taco cat. Sleep on keyboard eat a plant, kill a hand. Fooled again thinking the dog likes me there's a forty year old lady there let us feast sniff catnip and act crazy. Fall asleep upside-down kitten is playing with dead mouse yet and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not loves cheeseburgers.

I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am chase ball of string so demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it shove bum in owner's face like camera lens and stare at ceiling light. Scratch me there, elevator butt refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass or mrow. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr and be superior. Oooo! dangly balls! jump swat swing flies so sweetly to the floor crash move on wash belly nap fart in owners food and vommit food and eat it again but eat a plant, kill a hand, for try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Lick butt and make a weird face step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle and fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Scratch the furniture if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish for touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr so eat the rubberband so meow. My left donut is missing, as is my right toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food but if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard, purr for no reason purr for no reason. Stare out the window.


